# Efficient-keyword-representative-travel-route
With the popularity of social media (e.g., Facebook and Flicker), users can easily share their check-in records and photos during their trips. In view of the huge number of user historical mobility records in social media, we aim to discover travel experiences to facilitate trip planning. When planning a trip ,users always have specific preferences regarding their trips. Instead of restricting users to limited query options such as locations, activities or timeperiods , we consider arbitrary text descriptions as keywords about personalized requirements. Moreover, a diverse and representative set ofrecommended travel routes is needed. Prior works have elaborated on miningand ranking existing routes from check-in data. To meet the need for automatictrip organization, we claim that more features of Places of Interest (POIs)should be extracted.Therefore, in this paper,we propose an efficient Keyword-aware Representative Travel Route framework that uses knowledge extraction from users’ historical mobility records and social interactions.Explicitly, we have designed a keyword extraction module to classify the POI-related tags, for effective matching with query keywords. We have furtherdesigned a route reconstruction algorithm to construct route candidates that fulfill the requirements.To provide befitting query results, we explore Representative Skylineconcepts, thatis, theSkyline routes which best describe the trade-offs among different POI features.To evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed algorithms, we have conductedextensive experiments on real location-based social network datasets, and the experiment results show that our methods do indeed demonstrate good performance compared to state-of-the-art works.
